gaming channel fendi shoots himself
search much more link in
video description
oh well where are the memos and ported clear and
back on top was shorter so a 2
cheater and you failed to end
throw off
Whether you are the winner of the event milk
and this can not be really issued
is the event really a winner i
winner i winner o may
hello everyone with you lightning continuing
play samp in the north diamond rp unix and
Now some kind of event takes place under
name Olechka like were somehow so
called some shorter game want
probably parody do not know what at all
need to do better off
all in front of the page some damn
I really wanted to ad now
the car is shorter than your sell here
general really just simply spawn
spam me and they can not
answer what's really confusing
more is still some kind of event
passes and do not understand the meaning here
stay alive and fly here all
sit I do not know at all the meaning of this
events well some kind of cure
Now here's some kind of fire set
object and we are now generally at some
roofs seem to be yes shorter as
see now you need duplicates thats real
I write to Volodya, I wanted to answer him well
there really is something not answered with I do not know
What nonsense you shorter volodya
say hi if i don't answer guys
I'm busy, I need to spam so much
I wonder who I insulted but writes
some kind of i didn't insult me just
it's really just such nonsense
write ukhty
and what now take and take a look look
look don't know I don't seem to remember
such a game in real life on wow
what are her only rule damn I do
I flew into the air a sign nifiga
yourself guys uhtyyy it should cho type who
closer to sharp cards he won that or
they understand their epta nifiga themselves so
interesting is the bogeyman something skin looks like
I can turn it on personally and
so better to include nicknames they do not
barmaley just looks like everyone's skin
can barmaley shoots in parallel too
from me so here it looks like you are the last
near the fire harz he defeated the pancake this
really
Volodya and Volodya you do not really hang straight
block or shorter is fun
event
i won't answer shaft alone
the call well really yab answered in if there was
would make a fire in the air deeper
fun of course seriously fun guys
something interesting event at first
since I see this honestly so that
held such an event damn flooded
I'm shorter now everything is go nuts but
it seems normal to me
held out
here look elena maybach there bridge
from above also looks at all this
went all he can already say lost
yes all this will no longer be considered what
but as long as you go or it will be fucking like
it is not quite right it at all here
this one here you seem to sing for shrinkage
I had not seen before that's where the devil
pushed out that but him as you see not
was on him on she leaked he sweat etc.
gateway and along the way so well here
administration and here I am
well little so true but somehow
seriously so interesting he looks there
running administration here is so small
i run and see i don't how i can
of course try but climb of course
I can not so oh and where
oh amide teleported clear and back
on top it was shorter so enrico up
this can not be really issued
the event is shorter here guys I won
event and all this due to the fact that
one was a cheater and the other was
wow and how am I there shorter on the bottom block
was as you see and yet
administration decided to appoint
the winner is me here and in short here it is
that skin of choice has come any
absolutely could give me skins and car
it will be generally excellent now
at least you will ride but you don’t
think friends are not forever
It's all like a visual after a restart
the game is all gone well well now
Ride probably well and then shorter
probably give some homeless
just like that yes it is not an eternal thing but
constantly ride here don't get out
games for this I certainly will not but
Now I do not know now I want it even
protune hour now we have to drive
of course away from all players to
You need to register gps and so on.
hijack my swallow wow you and
and here he is Volodya Volodya Volodya has found
I still found me something now will
pursue yes damn need to somehow
break away from Volodya he is really all
seven the whole event is shorter with besides
I was like you think I need
tyunit I do not know exactly here to go
not long have to be exiled from this
Of course it will really break away
now probably ok ok nifiga neither
fig a fig itself damn it faster
scoot out shorter cops right away it's
blew up some cops damn easy
It will generally be cool car guys at
Violet does not seem to be more of course
under the jacket that fit what they
some pancakes dumb colors why so
in short guys I decided to give my car
your subscriber Volodya because all
the events are shorter he wrote me text messages
really distracted me okay
plus everything he then somehow me
accidentally found along the way therefore not
it seems he is the hero of this video and he is more
worthy and ride this car than i
the more I already somehow tired of her
I already want to go out of the game so
guys on this I probably completed this
video thank you all for watching with you
there was no win on the channel put the likes
good luck to everyone and all good bye